in the country
García the start is a little bit
bad for the exemplary see gurus when
It comes in the middle of the track
horse chosen to fight with traffic
control in the third place
advance through the center now the horse
not in the room interior takata
it is placed well then run in gurb hand
by hand bandit but last milk
last the horse neves quite far
22 1 the first 400 meters used
against the fight with the horse the beep
in the third chabuca does not pass tak anda
very well placed in the room in 15
slow they had then run hand in hand with
the horse sector and also observed
the burka in bandit after over here
they are nine in the last place 44 to 3
until you feel traffic control
forward of chabuca no airplane to the second
the kid that third in the letter
to qatar in the fifth to the horse in
hot sea vain when they come already to the
last curve level continues last
quite so far from life in the last
curve enter the final straight and with
Fabián move inside and adapt
falls hard down the center of the track
the horse throws well dominating to
take off the load and hand in hand with
aftertaste out in the end is hand to
hand trying to surprise in the
see plastic flies in the finals
but very late hand to hand surprises in
the classic hand in hand
second
in the third or fourth to kill
then full distance bandit
when you see word is looking and the
stealth on the last door